chore: Remove d.ts.map Files (#3361)
SAP/cloud-sdk-js: .changeset/hungry-steaks-relate.md

---
'@sap-cloud-sdk/generator-common': major
---

[Compatibility Note] The generator does not create `d.ts.map` files per default anymore. If you need them include a custom `tsconfig.json`.

> [Compatibility Note] All SAP Cloud SDK packages ship without `d.ts.map` anymore.
> For users, they are irrelevant and with modern IDEs they are also not needed to enable navigation to the types for the development team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Compatibility Note] All SAP Cloud SDK packages ship without `d.ts.map` files from now on.
Modern IDEs don't require those files for code navigation, thus they are removed to decrease download size of the SDK.
```
